# Insight launch

A highly scalable and flexible monitoring solution for generator controllers for multiple applications. Access your equipment remotely from anywhere in the world • Fully responsive user interface. Use it on your preferred device. Customise dashboard for efficient monitoring Simple interface with a two part navigation between monitoring & management • Dashboards : Monitor your equipment remotely. With a wide range of data visualisation options you will be able to customise the dashboards to fit your need. The dashboards will adapt to any type of screen size making it optimal to view equipment status on the go. • Unit management : Connect your equipment via DAU for remote access & monitoring. Set up equipment information, parameters \(tags\) and notifications. A template for tags is provided out of the box, if any tag is missing, custom tags is available. • User management : Manage users, add new and set up permissions. Control who has access and custom build permission based on your requirement. • Admin management : Setup of units and users can be managed by a single user. An admin can design Insight as needed with permissions and more • Simple reporting : With a few clicks you can export your data to CSV and PDF • Fleets : Group your equipment and set schedules. Fleet will have dedicated dashboards • Email notifications : Get notified when a tag warning is triggered. • Team Management : Group users into teams and attach them to fleets. Teams can be assigned to multiple fleets and is suitable for equipment rentals • Secure HW & Service : Strong login security and device detection makes Insight a secure web service on top of security built into the DAU firmware • First Time Login : When you or other users get invited to join the Insight service you will receive an invitation mail from our service. Once you have excepted you will be linked to the Insight login page • Roles \(user permissions\) : Roles defines what users are allowed to do. When creating a role the users defines which permissions are associated to the role. Users can now be assigned to a role under user edit.

Works on the following Browsers: • Google Chrome, Microsoft Edge, IE11 and Safari

