# User experience

• User Experience • New Insight app icon when adding page to Home Screen on iOS and Android. • True fullscreen experience on iOS and Android. • Login page: New login page design for desktop • Idea portal link: Share with us your ideas on how we can serve you even better. • Map widget • Search function now allows partial inputs and matches to unit name. • Map markers have now icons to represent the unit type. • Map markers have now colours to indicate different unit conditions. • Clusters now have a donut chart that indicates the condition of the units under it. • Clicking on a Cluster now zooms in / drills down on the cluster. • The infobubble now has a link to the unit dashboard. • The infobubble now has a button to zoom into unit. • The infobubble now has additional data, like unit type, running hours, nr alarms and service timers. • When setting a map widget, the default zoom level is set fit content to widget size. • The default zoom level may be manually set by user. • A button is made available to reset the map to the default zoom level • A button is made available to remove the labels from the map. • Multiple map widgets are now allowed on every dashboard. • The map widget is now freely resizable to better fit the dashboard or the users' territories. • Map page: A new page dedicated for visualisation of units on a map. • Inherits most Map widget features • Introduces the possibility to filter the units on the map based on connection, unit condition\(s\) and unit type\(s\). • Data Export: The former Report function has been renamed to Data Export. • New User Interface for Data Export. • Multiple units may now be selected for data export. • Fleets may now be selected for data export. • A new system for quick tag selection is now available. • Direct download function. • Deferred data export function with notification system. • Storage of deferred data exports for later use. • Data export files use forward data filling to minimise data gaps on the exported data and optimise the use of Excel. • Multiple unit exports are zipped to keep the files easy to download. • Reports • A new report layout is now available. • Reports can be made for units and fleets. • The report charts can be zoomed in to highlight particular areas of interest. • True PDF export. • Tags • Tags may be assigned a default offline behavior - keep the last received value or push the value to zero. • Tags may now be selected as default for data export. • Boolean tags of the same register are no longer seen as duplicates. • Performance • New Premium Tier database for even faster access.

